docs: Updated the architecture to match our latest state-of-the-world (#384)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/explanations/architecture.md

Therefore, the job of Kurtosis is to receive requests from the user and translate them to instructions for the underlying container orchestration engine. These requests can be simple commands that map one-to-one to instructions to the underlying container orchestrator (e.g. "add service X to environment Y"), or they can be Kurtosis-only commands that require complex interaction with the container orchestrator (e.g. "create a simulated network partition in environment X").

Enclaves
--------
Kurtosis implements environments as a first-class concept using [enclaves][enclaves-reference]. An enclave can be thought of as an "environment container" - an isolated place for a user to run an environment that is easy to create, manage, and destroy. Each enclave is separated from the other enclaves: no network communication can happen between them. Enclaves are also cheap: Kurtosis can manage arbitrary numbers of enclaves, limited only by the underlying hardware.

Example: Some enclaves running in, as displayed by [the Kurtosis CLI][cli-reference]:

```

> EnclaveUUID                         Name     Status   Creation Time

Reviewer: The way we print our enclaves now and their metadata has changed drastically since Nov. Updating this bit to look the part.

```suggestion
UUID           Name      Status     Creation Time
a72b68e510fe   test      RUNNING    Thu, 30 Mar 2023 09:12:17 -03
9e8c913754bf   local     RUNNING    Thu, 30 Mar 2023 09:13:04 -03
```

> a525cee593af4b45aa15785e87d3b7c9    local    RUNNING   Thu, 24 Nov 2022 14:11:27 UTC

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> edf36be917504e449a1648cf8d6c78a4    test     RUNNING   Thu, 24 Nov 2022 14:11:34 UTC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
UUID:                         2e42f9fd7b854eabb04f71a15bd1b55f
Name:                         test
Status:                       RUNNING
Creation Time:                        Thu, 24 Nov 2022 11:11:34 -03

========================================== User Services ==========================================
GUID                ID       Ports                             Status
nginx-1669299161    nginx    http: 80/tcp -> 127.0.0.1:60785   RUNNING
nginx2-1669299176   nginx2   http: 80/tcp -> 127.0.0.1:60794   RUNNING
```

API Container
-------------
The second type of container that Kurtosis creates is the API container. One API container is created per enclave, and each API container is responsible for managing interactions with its own enclave. All manipulation of an enclave's contents happens via API calls to the enclave's API container. 

Example: a Kurtosis API container running in Docker:

```
3c0b6ab7bb85   kurtosistech/core:0.70.7                          "/bin/sh -c ./api-co…"   20 hours ago    Up 20 hours    0.0.0.0:58419->7443/tcp, 0.0.0.0:58418->7444/tcp   kurtosis-api--6babc3090ad04184b2094901a7ead7b4
```

Starlark
--------

> Distributed system definitions are complex. Therefore, there are many, many ways to instantiate, configure, and manipulate an enclave. To provide the required power, manipulations to an enclave are expressed in the form of [Starlark programs][starlark-reference]. 

Reviewer: One nit: this is the first time I've read about `Starlark programs`. Now the user has to reason about "Starlark Instructions", "Starlark Types", and now "Starlark Programs". Can we consolidate?

```suggestion
Distributed system definitions are complex. Therefore, there are many, many ways to instantiate, configure, and manipulate an enclave. To provide the required power, manipulations to an enclave are expressed using [Starlark][starlark-reference] scripts.
```

> To manipulate an enclave, users upload Starlark scripts to the API container. The API container executes the instructions in the script, and the enclave's contents will be mutated.

Reviewer: Minor nit: do you want to mention also that there is a validation and interpretation step before execution?

Author: Not here - I intentionally wanted to keep this focused on the architecture, and less the Starlark runtime.

Example: This Starlark snippet from [the quickstart][quickstart] launches a Postgres container:

```python
def run(plan, args):
    postgres = plan.add_service(
        service_name = "postgres",
        config = ServiceConfig(
            image = "postgres:15.2-alpine",
            ports = {
                "postgresql": PortSpec(5432, application_protocol = "postgresql"),
            },
            env_vars = {
                "POSTGRES_PASSWORD": "password",
            },
        ),
    )
```

For a list of all the possible operations on an enclave, [see this reference][starlark-instructions].

SDKs
----

> All interactions with Kurtosis happen through API requests to the Kurtosis containers. To assist with calling the API, [we provide SDKs in various languages](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis-sdk). Anything the Kurtosis can do will be available via the API and, therefore, via the SDKs.

Reviewer 2: Was just browsing through the docs to verify our launch! Lets change this to https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/tree/main/api

Haven't read any other part of this pR

Reviewer 2: Deleting this in favor of the suggestion

> All interactions with Kurtosis happen through API requests to the Kurtosis containers. To assist with calling the API, [we provide SDKs in various languages](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis-sdk). Anything the Kurtosis can do will be available via the API and, therefore, via the SDKs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All interactions with Kurtosis happen through API requests to the Kurtosis containers. To assist with calling the API, [we provide SDKs in various languages](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/tree/main/api). Anything the Kurtosis can do will be available via the API and, therefore, via the SDKs.
```
